Update upgrade restrictions for agents in documentation (#1916)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/fleet/upgrade-elastic-agent.asciidoc

Note the following restrictions with upgrading an {agent}:

> *{agent} cannot be upgraded to a minor version higher than the currently installed minor version of {fleet-server}. For example, you can enroll 8.18.5 {agents} with an 8.18.0 {fleet-server}, but not 8.19.0 {agents}. So while you can install newer maintenance releases, you cannot install newer minor versions. Before you upgrade {agents} to a newer minor version, you should first upgrade any agents that are acting as {fleet-server} (any agents that have a {fleet-server} policy associated with them).

Reviewer: I agree with your improved wording (from the PR description), but I would also update it slightly to follow our style guide. I will create a PR to fix this in the 9.x docs as well.

```suggestion
* You can upgrade {agent} to a newer patch release within its current minor version, but not to a minor version newer than the {fleet-server} it's enrolled with. For example, an 8.18.0 {fleet-server} supports upgrading {agents} to any 8.18.x release, but not to 8.19.0. Before you upgrade {agents} to a new minor version, first upgrade any agents that are acting as {fleet-server} (any agents that have a {fleet-server} policy associated with them).
```

Reviewer: PR to update the wording in the 9.x docs: https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/7580

Update: The PR for 9.x docs is merged
